[bugfix][WIP] Fix the bug of language supporting detection function of component (#6803)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6803.bugfix.md

> Fixed the bug that `supported_language_list` of `component` is not working correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the bug that caused `supported_language_list` of `component` to not work correctly.
```

> To avoid confusion, only one of `supported_language_list` and `not_supported_language_list` can be set to not None now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid confusion, only one of `supported_language_list` and `not_supported_language_list` can be set to not `None` now
```

Author: suggestion accepted
